Previously. on "Bitten"...
A long time ago. maybe 20 years.
a family lived here.
You're always going to
be my little man. Clay.
Elle got killed by a wolf.
I tore her into bits.
Rodrigo is here to see the
repercussions of treachery.
Something came at me in Rochester.
You need to keep me alive
for what's coming.
Wherever they're taking Malcolm Danvers.
is where we are going.
We're witches.
We're being hunted.
They want the werewolf
that you have downstairs.
We're here for the one true
cursed. Malcolm Danvers.
- And so do we.
- You want Malcolm.
but I can't turn him over.
Something's wrong.
When you're done your homework.
one hour of television. that's it.
What do you care?
You won't even be here.
You're supposed to be grounded.
I'm being nice. One hour. that's it.
You're not the boss. Well.
I am when Ruth is away.
I'm locking the doors.
Not going to run away. Yeah. sure.
I've heard that before.
I'll be back before dinner.
Did you do that?
- No.
- I'm serious. Savannah.
If you did that. you have to tell me.
I did tell you. I didn't do it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Where did you come from?
No need to be afraid. Savannah.
How do you know my name?
Paige?
Paige!
Wha... what's wrong with her?
She'll be fine.
And yet. she gets to go out
and have a fun afternoon.
What do you get to do?
Huh! Homework.
Who are you?
You can call me Aleister.
Savannah!
I've never heard of you before.
The coven doesn't tell you anything.
They're not your family.
they don't care.
But I do.
And I want you to show them
who you really are.
You are the most powerful witch of all.
I don't even have my powers yet.
But you will. Very soon.
And then you can show them
that they shouldn't have
taken you for granted.
It means coming with me.
Is that okay?
I am the lock.
I am the key.
Savannah... Savannah...
Purga hanc domum!
Savannah!
Sync and corrections for www.addic7ed.com
Bitten 2x03 - Hell's Teeth
(February 21. 2015)
The trail's cold. Malcolm's gone.
Someone must've picked him up.
All the doors in the house were open.
That's not a coincidence
and neither is this.
The witches must've taken Malcolm.
They have no idea
what they've unleashed.
The point is. he's gone.
No. No. he can't be.
We promised the Alpha council
his head on a stake.
I'm going to find him.
I'll go with him.
There's no sense in searching the woods.
Malcolm's gone.
There's no sense in any of this.
What now?
We can't just sit around
and wait for the Alphas to return
to mete out their punishment.
Without Malcolm. we have
no way of protecting you
from losing your seat.
This isn't just about Malcolm anymore.
There's a dead Alpha in our war room.
Killing Rodrigo could be interpreted
as a declaration of war.
The other Alphas on the council
cannot know he was here.
Or that Malcolm escaped.
We'll have to hide the body.
We go get Malcolm.
We know where the witches are.
they left their card. okay?
It's in Jeremy's room.
Show yourselves.
We come in peace.
You come empty-handed.
I've no clue what you're talking about.
Malcolm Danvers. I want him back.
Well. you're not getting him.
Then you're not getting this ring.
Which I assume is important to
you since you came back for it.
Stop this right now!
Paige. release him.
I'm only fighting fire with fire.
Jeremy!
My apologies for such rude treatment.
If you ever do anything like that again.
I'll tear your throat out.
Look...
Female werewolf.
We'd heard of your existence.
but to actually see one...
She seems just as barbaric
as the rest of them.
Sorry. was it "witch" or "bitch"?
What have you done with Malcolm?
We asked for your Pack's help.
You wouldn't give it.
So we did what any decent witch would do.
We went and we helped ourselves.
Without understanding the importance
of the person you took.
Oh. we understand all too well.
He's going to be the thing
that saves our girl Savannah.
We should be on our way.
Uh-uh. you stay in our eye-line.
They have Malcolm.
- Let's go get him!
- Nick...
We need him.
We need him to lure this demon
who calls himself Aleister Vi.
How do you know he wants Malcolm?
We can communicate with Savannah.
That's how we know about Aleister.
And that there is a
werewolf on the compound
that gave up Malcolm's name.
They attacked his house in
Rochester. but he escaped.
But as dangerous as your wolf may be.
he pales in comparison to Aleister.
Savannah has been through so much.
She's impressionable.
This monster...
abducted her right from our home.
A 12-year-old girl.
We'll help you find your little girl.
Then we want Malcolm back.
Oh. now you want to play.
I don't want to play.
I just want Malcolm.
And this seems to be the only
way I'm going to get him.
Now. if Aleister shows
up with the followers.
you're going to need our assistance.
They're brutal fighters.
We've seen the evidence.
Our plan is to entice him.
We'll use Malcolm as the lure.
Once we contain Aleister.
then we will force him
to take us to our girl.
- And we get Malcolm.
- As you wish.
We'll have no further use for him.
You two go with him now.
The rest of us will follow shortly.
I'm so glad you decided
to be on our side.
There are no sides.
We're all just trying
to get what we want.
Let's go. Paige.
So what do you. like. have Malcolm
- in your trunk or something?
- Nice try.
We're not letting you anywhere near him
until the deed is done.
Don't worry. We're
taking good care of him.
How responsible.
Most people wouldn't pull over.
Most people wouldn't
pick up hitchhikers.
I'll be just a sec. We'll
get back on the road.
I've always been perplexed
by the fear of hitchhikers.
Sometimes it's nice to have
some company on the road.
Sometimes it's nice
to have a small. meaningful exchange
before you part ways.
Protege me!
Constringe eum.
What is this?
A small. meaningful exchange.
How do we know we're not
walking into another massacre
like Rochester?
We'll have the tactical advantage.
He'll be walking into whatever trap
the witches set for him. Are
you sure we can trust them?
If we want Malcolm. we have no choice.
We have guests.
Can I help you?
Jeremy Danvers.
Eduardo Escobado.
I'm from the Spanish Pack
and I'm here to find my Alpha.
Rodrigo Sanchez was here
a few days ago for the council meeting.
If he told you that he was
coming here yesterday.
then he didn't make it. Or he lied.
I think someone lied.
Maybe him.
Maybe you.
Oh. you might want to rephrase that.
Clay...
Our friends are just
concerned about their Alpha.
In their position. who wouldn't be?
My position is that this is the
last place Rodrigo had been
before he went off the radar.
I want to find him.
Would you give us a minute. please.
Of course.
I understand that you're worried.
Your Alpha missing. so far from home.
I suggest you look in
your own ranks first.
Our ranks? This is the house
that has seen much death recently.
I think that might include my Alpha.
Do you have the nerve to say that
in front of the council?
They'll all be here within a few days.
You know how we feel
about false accusations.
- Need a hand?
- No. I got it.
Every Pack has skeletons in the closet.
You have your father.
And... where is he?
- This conversation is over.
- Fine.
You want me to leave?
Show me your house.
- All of it.
- Eduardo...
I don't have to show you anything.
Then humor me.
Please.
I need to go back to
them with something.
Be my guest.
The scent of death
still lingers here.
Two Mutts were killed in
the attack on Stonehaven.
Elena was almost killed
protecting our Pack
and everything down here.
There is also the stench of bleach.
as if you're trying
to cover something up.
There was a lot of carnage.
We take pride in our home
and everything in it.
Have you seen our Legacy?
Quite the collection. yes.
I may have leapt to a hasty assumption.
I've seen everything I need to see.
My humble apologies.
One can only hope that every Pack member
is as loyal to their Alpha
as you clearly are to Rodrigo.
I wish you best efforts in finding him.
If we hear anything. we'll
be sure to contact you.
Let's finish this.
We could just burn Rodrigo here.
We should be burning him
and Malcolm at the same time.
We should've killed Malcolm
when we had a chance.
We dispose of Rodrigo
now. the right way.
This can't come back on Jeremy.
He gave me a bit of trouble.
but I got him right where I want him.
Okay. We'll wait here
until you send word you're ready for us.
Relax. Malcolm. you're
going to hurt yourself.
The restraining spell I've got on you
is going to make the
cage you just escaped
seem like a Kleenex box.
Are you the creature
- that attacked me in Rochester?
- No.
But we are going to give you to him.
You're just a goat on a chain.
And if we need to defend ourselves.
trust me. we've got that covered.
So. this is what a great
werewolf looks like.
Quite the specimen.
I can see why he wants you.
We can work together here. you know.
eliminate him.
Train you to work with us?
Oh. I don't think so.
I've seen what he's capable of.
You need me.
Of course we do.
As the bait.
He is the one true path.
He's the one true light on the path.
The key to our gate.
The light we follow through the gate.
The key that unlocks us into the great...
Hello?
...The light we follow.
The truth we follow...
Don't let her bother you.
She's not feeling well.
Was she the woman that was
screaming the other night?
No. that was the woman from Rochester.
Some pains to do with her pregnancy.
But she's fine now.
How is the new furniture in your room?
Is everything to your liking?
No.
I'm locked away here.
Like I was with Ruth
and Paige.
It's for your safety.
We've been over that.
And what power would you
like to learn today?
Anything you want. Think of something
your coven would never teach you.
Maybe you could tell me something.
I had a strange dream last night.
A dream?
Tell me about it.
There was a man in a barn.
I think that's where
he's hiding. only...
he turns into a wolf.
A wolf?
A werewolf.
And he's very powerful.
I think his name was...
Martin or... Marshall...
Malcolm?
That's it.
And when you appeared. you were happy.
You said that you'd
been looking for him.
Your vision was very useful.
If only we knew where this barn was.
There was a sign. I wrote it down.
Hm.
Thank you for this. Savannah.
Is there something else
you want to tell me?
No.
I am the lock.
And I'm the key.
Don't go alone.
Why not?
The wolf isn't by himself.
That's fine.
We'll pick this up again later.
Hey.
Talk to me.
Clay. look. I know you.
And I know being in Baton Rouge
stirred something up.
My parents didn't abandon me.
None of that's true.
Malcolm killed my mother.
slaughtered her.
My father. he came home.
saw it...
He took his own life.
But after all these years... I was wrong.
Malcolm taught me to fight.
to kill.
I should've used that against him.
We had him. Elena.
We had him. I could've
ripped his throat out.
When this thing with
the witches is over.
we make him pay for what he's done.
This alliance thing...
What are we getting ourselves into?
They painted us into a corner.
Once their witch shows up with Malcolm.
they get us everything.
I have a bad feeling about this.
I don't want to hear it.
Fine...
Do you want me to admit that I'm scared?
I am scared.
Paige. we are doing this.
We stand down now.
Savannah may never come back.
I want her back just as much as you do.
I was there when he took her.
I didn't protect her.
This thing. this Aleister...
I will not let our future
be dictated this man.
He's not just a man.
Paige. this is all we have.
Savannah...
are you with us?
I'm with you.
Savannah.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I gave him the information.
just like you wanted.
- He was happy.
- You didn't tell him
that we can communicate like this?
No.
I said I had a vision.
just like you told me to.
Is he coming to the farm?
I think so... It's like a...
witchy Skype call or...
witch Facetime...
Would you listen?
Savannah. we will
bring you home today.
It's quiet here now.
The woman from Rochester.
the one who he told you was screaming...
Woman from Rochester?
Whoa. whoa. easy. easy!
Let them do their thing.
Nobody was hurting her.
He said that she was in pain
because of the baby.
- That's Rachel.
- Logan. don't...
- Logan!
- She said something
about a pregnant woman.
Ask her about that. What about the baby?
- Ask her where she is!
- Damn it. get him off her!
Paige. Paige. Paige!
Paige. come back to us. Paige!
Paige! Paige!
Paige? It's all right.
Come back! Come back.
Come back. it's okay.
Paige. Come back...
What happened? Is she okay?
You break a channel like that.
you risk terrible damage.
The woman that Savannah described.
it's... it's his girlfriend.
She's pregnant?
Yeah. just a couple of months.
Malcolm had her in Rochester.
Aleister must have found her there
and brought her to his compound.
Paige! Are you okay?
Yeah. it's kind of like a...
a gin hangover.
Or worse: Schnapps.
Ughh...
All right. where is she?
How do we find her?
Look. just because
he has your girlfriend
doesn't mean we alter the plan.
He has Savannah as well.
We all want to find out where they are.
She's alive.
- Yes.
- I knew it.
For your mother.
For Philip...
Pete. Antonio...
Malcolm dies today.
Let's go.
You're planning on putting
Malcolm in there?
Bridget should be able to
hold him with a spell.
And when Aleister goes in after him.
that's when we'll make our move.
We'd better put him right here.
There's more places
for us to lie in wait.
then we can surround them.
All right. That's what we'll do.
We should be able to contain him.
And then we will force him to tell us
where his compound is.
With spells?
By whatever means necessary.
We don't like to harm.
We don't like to torture.
We also don't like having
our girls kidnapped.
Two ways in; that's not ideal.
Means there's two ways out.
We'll be ready for them.
It'll tell us when he's nearby.
Clay mentioned that Aleister's
followers are immune to pain.
Is that some sort of spell?
Not one that I've ever seen.
You and I will take a position
up on that hill with Nick.
We'll move to surround
Aleister when he arrives
and deal with any followers
that come with him.
Okay. sounds good.
I'm glad she's alive. Logan.
First thing we do is we make sure
that Aleister does not get away.
We deal with Malcolm
and then we're going to find Rachel.
We are going to bring her home.
Okay.
Whatever you think of me.
whatever I've done to you.
let it go
and we'll survive this together.
But don't let this happen.
I prefer you kill me
than let me be taken
by whatever's coming.
You're worth more to all
of us alive than dead.
For now.
It's been a couple of hours.
We're going to wait
as long as we have to.
Be patient.
We all need this to work.
Ah!
He's coming.
Hello. Malcolm.
I have been looking for you.
Tell me.
are you the most powerful werewolf?
Whatever happens. we stay on Malcolm.
He's not getting out of here alive.
Oh. I guess you can't speak.
Don't worry about that.
We will have plenty of time to talk.
We want Savannah.
They aren't done filling
her with their poison.
I promise you that if you hurt her.
you will suffer.
Do you hear that?
Suffering.
I can teach them all about it.
I'm looking forward to it.
Who are you?
Now... I wonder.
which one of them is holding you.
She needs to die first.
Bridget!
Bridget! Bridget!
Oh...
Go get Malcolm!
We need to get her out of here!
- Go inside!
- Okay.
No. I don't suppose I'll be
able to break this circle
- no matter how many times I try.
- Who are you?
Oh. in time you will know me.
We've never done anything to you.
Yes. you have. Ruth.
More than you know right now.
That's okay. I'm going to make sure
that it sinks in.
I'm afraid you won't
see your girl again.
But thank you for bringing
me the wolf I need.
I'm going to go collect him now.
You'll be okay.
We'll fix you up fast.
Too late.
Don't give up. Bridget. please!
Nick!
Oh. come on!
Quiesce.
You couldn't have done
that two minutes ago?
She's gone.
Clay!
All right!
You want to end this now?
Yes.
Then you'll die.
I had such high hopes for you.
I'm not going to enjoy this.
I will.
- Ugh!
- Oof!
Ugh!
You asked for this. you stupid bitch.
Time to say goodbye.
Ugh!
Goodbye.
Run.
The other werewolf I had lied to me.
Malcolm wasn't the strongest after all.
- Elena!
Elena!
Elena?
Rot in hell.
Is there anything I can do?
Please. just leave us alone.
Look. I... I just wanted to
say how sorry I am...
for your loss. it was...
I told Ruth
that this was a mistake.
You... you did everything you could.
You will have your revenge.
Revenge?
We're not brutes like you.
We use our magic only to do
good. to defend ourselves.
Not anymore.
It's just that I thought
that this would be the end.
that Savannah would be home.
that Bridget would be alive.
We will get Savannah.
And Elena and Logan.
and we will make him pay
for what he did to Bridget.
I never had a...
never needed... a sister.
Because I had them...
Bridget and Savannah.
And I took them both for granted.
and now they are both gone.
because of me.
Look. this is not your fault.
That... guy. that thing...
he's the one that did
all of this. not...
not you.
How do you know?
You just met us.
And you don't know anything about me.
You risked your life
to save your friend.
That tells me everything I need to know.
Tell Ruth I'll be in in a minute.
Okay. I need you to focus for me.
Can you do that?
One more time: where did they take her?
Where did they take Elena and Logan?
The key to the gate.
the great undoing... is coming...
Savannah. where did they take her?
Is this a spell he cast.
some sort of mind control?
I don't know.
I've done everything I can
to reverse the spell.
I can't reach her! It's like
she's on some kind of a loop.
The key to our gate.
into the great undoing.
Four-six...
Where is the gate?
Tell me where they took her!
- Hey! Hey!
- No. no. no. don't.
don't shake her. it may
intensify the spell.
Just try and calm her.
just give her some space.
The way we follow.
the truth we follow.
the light we follow to the gate.
The key that unlocks us
into the great undoing.
Four-six... four-six...
- No. no. no!
- Ah! - No! No. no!
Six...
Aw. no. no. no. no. she's
going to bleed out.
She's gone.
The minute Paige is finished.
you get her to contact Savannah.
You find out if Elena's there
and what is happening to her.
If we don't get her back
you'll have more to worry about
than your missing witch.
www.tvsubtitles.net
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today